addednote/ tip to people using docs to run courier push to see changes (#66)
blutui/dev.blutui.com: src/pages/docs/canvas/getting-started/expressions.md

{{ "foo #{bar} baz" }}
{{ "foo #{1 + 2} baz" }}
```

{% callout type="note" %}

> Make sure that your running `courier push` after each change to have it go to staging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you run `courier push` after each update, to view your changes in the staging environment.
```
